Strings

Blackbird is a platform where lenders can efficiently deploy capital. 

\\
Blackbird is built for borrowers. 

You can use Blackbird to find lenders and compare loan prices. Institutions bid for your credit. You stay anonymous until you find a proposal you like. 

Get started. 


old

"Blackbird is built for Borrowers

We help businesses price and access credit. 
Go through our free interview to receive Blackbird Reference Pricing today."


\\

!!!
button on For Borrowers


Our interview evaluates your business to see how we can help. 

Our software works with you to learn what makes your company strong. You can then quickly present the results to institutions and evaluate your credit opportunities.  

GET STARTED








!!!
unit circuit-breaker? at least put it on questions of max 200 units? 



1. Header

Blackbird is a market for business credit
Blackbird is an exchange for business credit
Blackbird is a market for business credit with simple prices. 
Blackbird is an exchange for business credit. 

On Blackbird, companies can shop for loans from institutions using public prices. 

!On Blackbird, companies can use public prices to shop for institutional loans. 

Blackbird helps companies access institutional loans. 

Blackbird is a platform where companies can use public prices to shop for the best institutional loans.

!Blackbird is a platform where companies can shop for institutional loans. 
Blackbird is an electronic platform where companies shop for institutional loans
!Blackbird is a platform where companies shop for institutional loans.

Blackbird is an efficient electronic market for private credit with uniform public pricing.  

2. Card

!You can use Blackbird to find lenders and compare the cost of credit. Our system [ ] presents a summary of your business. Institutions bid to invest. You stay anonymous until you find a proposal you like.

3.
!Blackbird is a platform where companies shop for institutional loans.

!You can use Blackbird to find lenders and compare the cost of credit. Our system presents a summary of your business. Institutions bid to invest. You stay anonymous until you find a proposal you like.

4. 
For Borrowers\

Blackbird is a platform where companies shop for insitutional loans. Our typical transaction ranges from $10 million to $100 million dollars.



Blackbird Market Forecasting
	Our software provides companies a bird's eye view of the market. If you are ready to 
	Our software thinks like an investor so you can get a sense of what lenders look for in a business. Use Blackbird Reference Pricing to get a sense of your credit opportunities. You can forecast price, size, term, and structure of loans that should be available on the market. would fit your company. 
	Our software understands what makes your company prosper. You can use it to get a preview of this  this information to get a preview of the opportunities  
        Our software thinks like an investor on your side. 
        Our software thinks like an investor. You can use it to get inside the minds of lenders. 


Ref Pricing
	Use Blackbird Reference Pricing to see the market through the eyes of a lender. Our software thinks like a fellow investor and estimates your options. You can then research loans by size, price, and other features. 

How does Blackbird 
To understand what makes your company prosper, our software thinks like an investor. Our Engine first works with you to build a model. You can use our interview do describe your business; we'll do all the hard work from there. Our Engine can then interpret the experience of peer companies into data you can use. 

How much does Blackbird cost?
   Our view is that a fair, transparent infrastructure should be simple and cheap. If you find a loan you like through Blackbird, our fee is 99 bps. Our fee on loans you find through Blackbird is 99 bps (0.99%). You only pay if you successfully transact.  
    
   Our view is that a simple, affordable platform will pay off in the long run. If you find a loan you like through Blackbird, we take a 0.99% fee when the loan closes. You only pay if you are successful on the market. 

Who are the lenders?
   Our platform is designed to provide a level playing field for borrowers and lenders. Institutions that would like to lend    through Blackbird have to demonstrate a strong track record of investing in the middle market. Membership is open to qualified banks and investment companies. 

What kind of businesses can use Blackbird?
   Blackbird is built for mid-sized companies with a solid performance history. Our members come from industries as diverse as    [enterprise software] and [fast-food], [manufacturing] and [insurance]. Our software works with you to learn what makes       your company strong and presents the results in a way that makes sense to the lenders.  

   Our platform works best for companies with a core expertise. 

Can I use Blackbird even if 
   Yes. 

Sometimes a lender will even split the fee. 

cheap

Our Engine thinks like an investor.
  
Blackbird Reference Pricing
        
Blackbird Engine Analytics 



5. 
For investors

Membership on Blackbird is open to select qualified institutions. Please contact a Blackbird representive if you would like to apply for our platform.

Blackbird is a platform where companies shop for institutional loans. 

Institutional access to Blackbird is by invitation only. If you have not received an invitation, and think you should have, please contact our representative. 

\\
Blackbird connects lenders to companies looking for credit. 
Blackbird connects lenders to borrowers looking for credit. 
Blackbird connects borrowers and lenders. 

Our platform is open to qualified institutions with a strong track record in the middle markets. Please send us a note if you are interested in becoming a member. 

\\
About Blackbir
  Our mission is to provide a simple, fair platform that lets businesses access credit at the best available price. 
  #
  Our mission is to provide a simple, fair platform where businesses can access credit at the best available price. 